Add FVInterfaceKernels (#17449)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/syntax/FVInterfaceKernels/index.md

# FVInterfaceKernels System

For an overview of MOOSE FV please see [/fv_design.md].

> `FVInterfaceKernels` are meant to communicate data between at interfaces between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`FVInterfaceKernels` are meant to communicate data at interfaces between
```

subdomains. An `FVInterfaceKernel` may contribute to the residuals/Jacobians of
a single variable, specified with the parameter `variable1`, or to multiple
variables by also using the `variable2` parameter. There are two additional

> critical/required parameters: `subdomain1` and `subdomain2`. In cases whether an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
critical/required parameters: `subdomain1` and `subdomain2`. In cases for which an
```

`FVInterfaceKernel` is operating on two variables, `subdomain1` should
correspond to the subdomain(s) neighboring the `boundary` parameter that

> `variable1` lives on, and similarly for `subdomain2` and `variable2`. By

Reviewer: can we have this checking be done by the interface kernel at construction time

Author: I'm not quite sure what you mean. Whether '1' is on the elem or neighbor side can be different depending on the `FaceInfo` object. `elem` and `neighbor` determination for `FaceInfo` is determined solely by element numbering (well not entirely true in the case of adaptivity) and is out of a user's control.

Reviewer: I meant maybe we could check for variable1 to exist on subdomain1 and variable2 to exist on subdomain2

Author: `FVInterrfaceKernel` developers could create something like a
```c++
std::unordered_map<const FaceInfo *, std::pair<const ADMaterialProperty *, const ADMaterialProperty *>> _fi_to_elem_neighbor_coeffs;
```
during `initialSetup` and after mesh changes if they wanted to avoid determining 1,2 -> fi_elem, fi_neighbor every time we evaluate a residual/Jacobian...

Author: The fundamental issue here is that `FaceInfo` objects do not have sidedness so there is this ambiguity that doesn't exist for residual compute objects associated with sidesets, which are associated with distinct element faces.

Author: Error checking added
